README.md, before:

dalek-browser-firefox
=====================

> DalekJS browser plugin for Mozilla Firefox

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox.png)](https://travis-ci.org/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox)
[![Build Status](https://drone.io/github.com/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox/latest)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox.png)](https://david-dm.org/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox/dev-status.png)](https://david-dm.org/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox#info=devDependencies)
[![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/dalek-browser-firefox.png)](http://badge.fury.io/js/dalek-browser-firefox)
[![Coverage](http://dalekjs.com/package/dalek-browser-firefox/master/coverage/coverage.png)](http://dalekjs.com/package/dalek-browser-firefox/master/coverage/index.html)
[![unstable](https://rawgithub.com/hughsk/stability-badges/master/dist/unstable.svg)](http://github.com/hughsk/stability-badges)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/dalek-browser-firefox.png)](https://nodei.co/npm/dalek-browser-firefox/)
[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm-dl/dalek-browser-firefox.png)](https://nodei.co/npm/dalek-browser-firefox/)

## Ressources

[API Docs](http://dalekjs.com/package/dalek-browser-firefox/master/api/index.html) -
[Trello](https://trello.com/b/DAdivSdx/dalek-browser-firefox) -
[Code coverage](http://dalekjs.com/package/dalek-browser-firefox/master/coverage/index.html) -
[Code complexity](http://dalekjs.com/package/dalek-browser-firefox/master/complexity/index.html) -
[Contributing](https://github.com/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) -
[User Docs](http://dalekjs.com/docs/firefox.html) -
[Homepage](http://dalekjs.com) -
[Twitter](http://twitter.com/dalekjs)

## Docs

This module is a browser plugin for [DalekJS](//github.com/dalekjs/dalek).
It provides all a WebDriverServer & browser launcher for Mozilla Firefox.

The browser plugin can be installed with the following command:

```
$ npm install dalek-browser-firefox --save-dev
```

You can use the browser plugin by adding a config option to the your Dalekfile

```js
"browsers": ["firefox"]
```

Or you can tell Dalek that it should test in this browser via the command line:

```
$ dalek mytest.js -b firefox
```

Because of the availability of the Firefox Marionette testing framework,
Dalek atm. can only drive the Firefox Aurora Debug builds.

You also have to add the location of the browser executable to you Dalekfile,
because Dalek isn't capable of finding the executable yet on its own.

```js
  "browsers": [{
    "firefox": {
      "path": "~/Apps/FirefoxAuroraDebug.app/"
    }
  }]
```

The Firefox plugin only implements a subset of Daleks Assertions & Actions, so if you run into any bugs, the issue is most probably related to missing commands.

## Help Is Just A Click Away

### #dalekjs on FreeNode.net IRC

Join the `#dalekjs` channel on [FreeNode.net](http://freenode.net) to ask questions and get help.

### [Google Group Mailing List](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/dalekjs)

Get announcements for new releases, share your projects and ideas that are
using DalekJS, and join in open-ended discussion that does not fit in
to the Github issues list or StackOverflow Q&A.

**For help with syntax, specific questions on how to implement a feature
using DalekJS, and other Q&A items, use StackOverflow.**

### [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/dalekjs)

Ask questions about using DalekJS in specific scenarios, with
specific features. For example, help with syntax, understanding how a feature works and
how to override that feature, browser specific problems and so on.

Questions on StackOverflow often turn in to blog posts or issues.

### [Github Issues](//github.com/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox/issues)

Report issues with DalekJS, submit pull requests to fix problems, or to
create summarized and documented feature requests (preferably with pull
requests that implement the feature).

**Please don't ask questions or seek help in the issues list.** There are
other, better channels for seeking assistance, like StackOverflow and the
Google Groups mailing list.

![DalekJS](https://raw.github.com/dalekjs/dalekjs.com/master/img/logo.png)

## Legal FooBar (MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2013 Sebastian Golasch

Distributed under [MIT license](https://github.com/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox/blob/master/LICENSE-MIT)

Commit message:

Rewrite. Port resolving, more configuration options, Firefox OS & Firefox Nightly support. Better error handling

README.md, after:

dalek-browser-firefox
=====================

> DalekJS browser plugin for Mozilla Firefox

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox.png)](https://travis-ci.org/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox)
[![Build Status](https://drone.io/github.com/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox/latest)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox.png)](https://david-dm.org/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox/dev-status.png)](https://david-dm.org/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox#info=devDependencies)
[![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/dalek-browser-firefox.png)](http://badge.fury.io/js/dalek-browser-firefox)
[![Coverage](http://dalekjs.com/package/dalek-browser-firefox/master/coverage/coverage.png)](http://dalekjs.com/package/dalek-browser-firefox/master/coverage/index.html)
[![unstable](https://rawgithub.com/hughsk/stability-badges/master/dist/unstable.svg)](http://github.com/hughsk/stability-badges)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/dalek-browser-firefox.png)](https://nodei.co/npm/dalek-browser-firefox/)
[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm-dl/dalek-browser-firefox.png)](https://nodei.co/npm/dalek-browser-firefox/)

## Ressources

[API Docs](http://dalekjs.com/package/dalek-browser-firefox/master/api/index.html) -
[Trello](https://trello.com/b/DAdivSdx/dalek-browser-firefox) -
[Code coverage](http://dalekjs.com/package/dalek-browser-firefox/master/coverage/index.html) -
[Code complexity](http://dalekjs.com/package/dalek-browser-firefox/master/complexity/index.html) -
[Contributing](https://github.com/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) -
[User Docs](http://dalekjs.com/docs/firefox.html) -
[Homepage](http://dalekjs.com) -
[Twitter](http://twitter.com/dalekjs)

## Docs

This module is a browser plugin for [DalekJS](//github.com/dalekjs/dalek).
It provides all a WebDriverServer & browser launcher for Mozilla Firefox.

The browser plugin can be installed with the following command:

```
$ npm install dalek-browser-firefox --save-dev
```

You can use the browser plugin by adding a config option to the your Dalekfile

```js
"browsers": ["firefox"]
```

Or you can tell Dalek that it should test in this browser via the command line:

```
$ dalek mytest.js -b firefox
```

Because of the availability of the Firefox Marionette testing framework,
Dalek atm. can only drive the Firefox Aurora Debug, Firefox Nightly & Firefox OS emulator builds.

The Firefox plugin only implements a subset of Daleks Assertions & Actions, so if you run into any bugs, the issue is most probably related to missing commands.
If so, please file an issue =)

## Help Is Just A Click Away

### #dalekjs on FreeNode.net IRC

Join the `#dalekjs` channel on [FreeNode.net](http://freenode.net) to ask questions and get help.

### [Google Group Mailing List](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/dalekjs)

Get announcements for new releases, share your projects and ideas that are
using DalekJS, and join in open-ended discussion that does not fit in
to the Github issues list or StackOverflow Q&A.

**For help with syntax, specific questions on how to implement a feature
using DalekJS, and other Q&A items, use StackOverflow.**

### [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/dalekjs)

Ask questions about using DalekJS in specific scenarios, with
specific features. For example, help with syntax, understanding how a feature works and
how to override that feature, browser specific problems and so on.

Questions on StackOverflow often turn in to blog posts or issues.

### [Github Issues](//github.com/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox/issues)

Report issues with DalekJS, submit pull requests to fix problems, or to
create summarized and documented feature requests (preferably with pull
requests that implement the feature).

**Please don't ask questions or seek help in the issues list.** There are
other, better channels for seeking assistance, like StackOverflow and the
Google Groups mailing list.

![DalekJS](https://raw.github.com/dalekjs/dalekjs.com/master/img/logo.png)

## Legal FooBar (MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2013 Sebastian Golasch

Distributed under [MIT license](https://github.com/dalekjs/dalek-browser-firefox/blob/master/LICENSE-MIT)
